A condo, also known as a condominium, is a housing or residential complex in which there are separate units, with each unit being owned by an individual. Condo is the most preferred housing in Malaysia especially in high density area. Typically, a condo complex has around 50 units or more, which means that there were 200 individuals alone in a single building. Thus, some issue will arise when involving with large community in limited area. Thus, to help in decreasing the issue, our group come up with a solution which is Condominium Management Application.
Condominium Management Application (iCondo) is an application that condo residents and condo management can authorize for their requirements. This application is to make condo residents easier to leave in the society of condominium. In this era, most people are busy with their work and not enough time frequently visit the office for their requirements. So, this application can save time which residents can directly use this application to book the facilities of condominium, can check the delivery status of parcels, or can register residents' visitors. This application is more useful for residents and condominium management.
The application will have four (4) modules. Each module will cover entry, update, delete and can generate reports. This application will have 2 users which is residents and condo management. To differentiate between these two users, there will be login function. If the user does not have existing account, a signup function will also be available in the app. The four modules that will be available in the app is parcel collect, facilities booking, visitor registration and the signup/login module. This application will also have 2 additional function which is notice display function and forget password function in login page.
The main problem that we see in management is that mostly any information or task will need to do physically rather than online. With this app, the residents can
do their task such as facilities booking online without visiting the office. The main objective for this app is to help the condo management in managing their residents and facilities. Other than that, the application also will help the residents in saving their time and lesser the frequency to visit the office.
